Update diagnostics IPC protocol doc (#1814)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/design-docs/ipc-protocol.md

Command Code: `0x0401`

> If the target .NET application has been configured with `DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts` and `DOTNET_DefaultDiagnosticPortSuspend` has not been set to `1` (`0` is the default value), then the runtime will pause during `EEStartupHelper` in `ceemain.cpp` and wait for an event to be set.  (See [Diagnostic Ports](#diagnostic-ports) for more details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the target .NET application has been configured Diagnostic Ports configured to suspend with `DOTNET_DiagnosticPorts` or `DOTNET_DefaultDiagnosticPortSuspend` has been set to `1` (`0` is the default value), then the runtime will pause during `EEStartupHelper` in `ceemain.cpp` and wait for an event to be set.  (See [Diagnostic Ports](#diagnostic-ports) for more details)
```
